Combine pod creation with IDP registration (#749)
solid/community-server: config/identity/README.md

Contains everything needed for setting up the Identity Provider.
* *default*: As of writing there is not much customization possible.
  This contains everything needed.
  
## Ownership
Which technique to use to determine if a requesting agent owns a WebID.

> * *debug-no-check*: No verification is done, the agent is always believed.

Reviewer: Maybe even

```suggestion
* *unsafe-no-check*: No verification is done, the agent is always believed (for debugging purposes).
```

* *token*: A token needs to added to the WebID to prove ownership.

## Pod
What to use for pod creation.

> * *dynamic*: Every created pod has its own components.js config for its ResourceStore,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *dynamic*: Every created pod has its own Components.js config for its ResourceStore,
```
